ELEPHANT BATH EXPERIENCE: Did you know that elephant skin can weigh up to 2,000 pounds?! Excellent skin care is an important part of an elephant’s life. Meet the Animal Care professionals who care for the elephants, and join them in helping to give one of the elephants a bath.
REINDEER ENCOUNTER: Enjoy an up-close, one-of-a-kind holiday experience with the Zoo’s adorable reindeer. During this exclusive opportunity, guests will spend time with the Animal Care team while visiting the reindeer in their habitat to learn more about the care and conservation of this species.
CHATTING WITH CHEETAHS: Did you know cheetahs are the largest cats who can purr?! Come and hear for yourself! During our Chatting with Cheetahs tour, you’ll get close enough to hear, see and smell the Columbus Zoo’s quickest residents in this never-before-offered tour! From diets and dishes to training sessions and enrichment, guests will get to see everything that goes into caring for these fast felines. We can’t wait to have you help us conserve this endangered species and form a connection with our cheetahs.
OKAPI ENCOUNTER: During this exclusive behind-the-scenes tour you may have the chance to interact with one of Africa’s most elusive species! Guests will talk with an Animal Care Specialist about the care of okapi and the story of their secretive lifestyle.
BEHIND THE MARINA SEA LION TOUR: See the sea lions and seals the way the trainers do! Take a guided behind-the-scenes tour of our sea lion and seal facility for a closer look at these amazing animals, and enjoy personal interactions with their trainers. Learn more about what the animals eat, how they are trained and how we care for their unique needs.
RED PANDA EXPERIENCE: Enjoy an up-close, one-of-a-kind experience with the Zoo’s adorable resident red pandas. During this exclusive opportunity, guests will spend time with the Animal Care team while visiting the red pandas in their habitat to learn more about the care and conservation of this endangered species.
ANIMAL PROGRAMS TOUR: Lights, Camera, Action! This personalized tour will allow you to visit with the animals that travel with Jungle Jack Hanna to shows such as Good Morning America and The Late Late Show with James Corden. You may even meet some stars from Secrets of the Zoo! Discover where they are from and what they eat, and get up close with these animal stars and their handler.
ANIMAL HEALTH CENTER TOUR: You’ve seen the Animal Health Center on Secrets of the Zoo, and now you can see it in person! Our Education team will share stories of a day in the life of our Animal Health staff as you tour the facility and see the rooms where the procedures take place. Interactions with animals or hospital staff are not included.
JACK HANNA'S ANIMAL ENCOUNTERS VILLAGE TOUR: Be one of the first to enjoy one of our newest, most exclusive experiences! Guests will have unique opportunities to connect with a variety of wildlife species, which may include meeting the department's newest babies, taking a "slothie" with one of our two-toed sloths hanging at shoulder height, train and feed grapes to an acrobatic kinkajou, meet a friendly otter or encounter any one of the many other incredible Village Animals!
WILDLIGHTS TOUR: Experience the amazing lights and festive surroundings of Wildlights after most of the other guests have departed. Relax and enjoy the comforts of a mug of hot chocolate while your guide drives you through preselected areas of the Zoo. Create wonderful holiday memories to share with family and friends as you enjoy the seasonal sights and sounds of the Zoo's 32nd Wildlights celebration! This experience is perfect for a unique date night or for multige

